people,
creating a reference to an object.
You need to be sure that it actually exists in this video.
We'll look at how you can test for the existence of an object within a collection.
Let's open up the exercises folder.
Let's go into a word BB A Train in Template And here's the code for our Section six module
.
We have a look at reference in objects we worked with this file tables.
That Dark Axe,
which is in the Section six folder,
and the code we used,
assumed that the file actually was open to make our code a bit Maura bust.
We should really test to see whether the file is open before proceeding.
So let's look at how that test is done.
I'll just copy the name and let's create a new macro.
Let's call this one test it object exists.
The simplest way to test whether an object exists within a collection is to look through
all the objects in the collection and to test one key attribute.
So in the case of documents,
the obvious attributes to test is the name.
Let's start by declaring the necessary variables,
so we'll meet a counter.
We'll need a document variable.
Let's also create a 1,000,000,000 variable in which we can store the result of our test.
So now we live through our documents.
So we started document one and we end on documents.
Scott,
count the count Property will return the number of documents in the collection.
And of course,
that number will also be the number of the last document in the collection.
Inside our loot,
we now want to read each document within the collection into our doc tables Document
variable.
So we need sets,
dog tables equal to documents I And by using I as the index to identify the document,
we're effectively saying each document we can then compare the name property of dog tables
to the string that we're looking for and to make the comparison less stringent,
we can convert the case of the name before doing the comparison.
So let's convert everything to lower case.
So our test will be If l case,
Doc tables don't name equals and I'll just paste in the string that I copied earlier.
And make sure I changed everything to love a case.
So we comparing lower case with lower case Then when we find a match,
we change.
The value inside BLN exists when you didn't a 1,000,000,000 variable.
It's initialized with the value false.
So we now change it to true.
And just in case we've got lots of documents open,
we can then thanks it the full loop.
After the move terminates we contest.
The value of BLN exists the PLN exists is false will display an error message.
If it's true,
for the moment,
we'll just display in all his well message that the land exists equals false than industry
box with a from small documents.
And I'll just paste in that string that I copied earlier.
And let's say we wanted to be quoted.
We wanted quote marks around it.
The rule is because you are already inside quotation marks.
You escape by doubling up the quotation monks.
So that's how you count Put quotation marks on a literal string not found.
Cannot continue.
Come on,
let's use the buttons perimeter to change this style.
Now we can use baby exclamation.
Let's just copy that for the else so well,
we'll say.
Here is oas.
Well,
instead of explanation,
we can then have information,
so let's save and test.
Currently,
the fine is not open,
so we get our explanation cannot continue.
Let's just go back to when his Explorer into the Section six folder while let's test the
macro again.
So this technical hold good for most objects that you need to test for or locate before
your macro can continue.
And I'm sure as we go through the course,
we'll find other examples or using similar techniques to test whether a specific object
exists within a collection looped through the collection and compare a key attributes of
each object with a known attribute of the object which you are located.
When comparing string attributes,
the L case or you case function can be used to make the comparison less stringent.